## WARNING: This repository is currently a work in progress (see TODO section for what remains)

# Axon Exhibition

Welcome to the Axon Exhibition. 

The purpose of this repository is to illustrate usage of the Axon Framework and act as a reference example.
Technologies used include:
- Spring Boot
    - Spring Data JDBC
- Axon Framework
    - Event Store: PostgreSQL (JDBC)
    - Message Router:  Axon Server
    - Query Side: PostgreSQL
    - Serializer: Jackson
- Java 17
    - Records
    - module-info.java
- Gradle
    - Version catalogues (see `gradle/libs.versions.toml`)

## TODO

- Do controller OpenAPI documentation - tidy things up
- Finish controller endpoint (return 201) and other endpoints
- Add workflow simulator endpoints to the controller.
- Add a deadline for a scheduled payment
- Add unit tests
- Add integration tests
- Add snapshots to aggregates.
- Add a subscription query
- Understand why `@QueryHandler` annotated methods cause issues with the Java module system.
- Fix up SQL - command side and query side schemas don't make sense when the saga (command side) goes in the
  token_entry table (which is currently in the query side schema)
- Look at documentation for indexes and see how SQL compares.
  - Understand and remove unnecessary tables/sequences

## Usage

1. Have a local postgres DB running and set up.
2. Change the `application.properties` datasource properties with the correct postgres DB details.
3. Change the `build.gradle` flyway closure with the correct postgres DB details.
4. Run `./gradlew flywayClean` && `./gradlew flywayMigrate` to get the DB schema in place.
5. Run Axon Server.
6. Run the application using `./gradlew bootRun` or using the autogenerated Spring Boot run configuration (if using IntelliJ).
7. Check `localhost:8080/swagger-ui.html` for the swagger UI and play around with the app.
    - Inspect the DB to see how everything is persisted (JSON).

## Domain

The application models a simple banking domain where you have accounts which can make payments to each other.

## Issues

There are a number of open issues related to


## Reference Resources

A number of other projects were useful as references to build this project:
- [The Axon Bank application](https://github.com/AxonFramework/AxonBank)
- [JohT's Showcase](https://github.com/JohT/showcase-quarkus-eventsourcing)
